Port LIGO_LW I/O to python-ligo-lw (#1047)
gwpy/gwpy: docs/segments/io.rst

    >>> f.write('new-table.xml', append=True, overwrite=True, attrs={'process_id': 0})

.. note::

   The |python-ligo-lw| library reads and writes files using an updated

>    version of the format compared to :mod:`glue.ligolw` used to. GWpy

Reviewer: @duncanmmacleod, this is definitely pedantic, but I think maybe this passage can be re-worded?

```suggestion
   version of the ``LIGO_LW`` format compared to :mod:`glue.ligolw`. GWpy
```
